[exciting opening theme music plays]
Oh, hey, did you change up
your grip a little bit?
Clutching onto it
that hard with both hands
doesn't look too cool.
[Guevaru panting]
[Oliva] The aristocrats
who created the rules for this contest
must be rolling in their graves
right about now.
You know, I think
that I'll follow your lead
and change my grip up a bit too.
I mean, let's face it, this grip
simply isn't gonna cut it anymore,
not compared to how you changed yours.
So, I think that I'd like
to change mine to this.
What do you think?
[gasps]
[dramatic sting]
-[inmates gasping in admiration]
-[inmate] His pinkie?
[Baki] He either has crazy confidence
in his grip strength…
-This is just ridiculous!
-The wind could blow it out of his hand!
…or it's strategy.
Do you understand
why I'm doin' this, Mr. Guevaru?
It's all about modesty.
I'm sure that you get it.
The Japanese blood
that flows through your body
practically cries out for modesty,
since it's perhaps
the most highly regarded virtue
in the Land of the Rising Sun.
So, tell me, how long are you going to
continue clutching this handkerchief
in such a vulgar manner?
Remember your modesty.
Yes, that's the way. Reclaim your pride.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Baki gasps]
[music building]
[hair whistles, whooshes]
-[high-pitched whine]
-[Oliva grunts]
[groaning softly]
[inmates murmuring]
[Baki grunts softly]
[chuckles softly]
[intense music plays]
-[Oliva gasps]
-[yells]
[Guevaru grunts loudly]
[Oliva gasps]
[grunts]
[inmates gasping in surprise]
Oh, hey, did you change
your grip up a little bit?
[Oliva gasps]
[dramatic sting]
Clutching onto it that hard
doesn't look too cool.
[Maria] Ha!
That isn't very cool.
After all…
[gasps loudly]
-[Guevaru grunts]
-[groans]
[groans]
-[Guevaru grunts]
-[groans]
Aren't we…
supposed to hold it like this?
[Oliva] Huh?
-[Guevaru grunts]
-[cries out in pain and surprise]
[groaning]
[groans]
-[hand whipcracks]
-[groans]
[Oliva] I'm sorry.
[loud thud]
I'm sorry, Maria.
[groans]
I've completely bored you with this fight.
[music continues]
-[thud]
-[Oliva groans]
But still, it's okay.
[grunts]
Guevaru!
-[hand whooshes]
-[grunts]
Hey, Guevaru.
Huh?
Just how long are you going to
clutch that handkerchief so tightly?
Wait, what?
[dramatic sting]
[Oliva] Look at my left hand.
I'm not even pinching it right now.
[dramatic sting]
I actually don't feel like
holding it anymore.
[gasps]
[inmates gasping and murmuring]
I'm only gonna let it lay there gently.
-[dramatic sting]
-Barely resting in the palm of my hand.
[all gasping]
Is he really saying
he's going to fight like that?
[Guevaru] Hmm!
So, Gilberto style, huh?
I've heard of it, of course.
[narrator] Loser Lose, Gilberto style.
Jean Gilberto was
a hotel magnate from Sicily.
[intriguing music playing]
In Paris in 1947,
he was the first person
from outside France
to build a giant luxury hotel
along the Champs-Élysées.
He made headlines and received
a lot of praise from tourists,
but he also earned
the disdain of the locals.
It was well-known
that he was a member of the Mafia.
But in 1961,
it was revealed that he was
embezzling funds from his bosses.
As soon as his duplicity was discovered,
the organization decided
that he had to be punished harshly,
and so they ordered
that he be executed immediately.
On January 4th, 1962,
under a full moon at midnight,
while he was surrounded by machine guns
in a forest in Boulogne,
that sentence was carried out.
The method of execution
was a game of Loser Lose,
where both Gilberto and his opponent
held a handkerchief and struck each other,
with whoever let go first
being shot down immediately.
But this matchup came with
a terrifying disadvantage for Gilberto.
In contrast to the young,
muscular challenger,
who was allowed
to hold the handkerchief firmly,
the weak, 70-year-old Gilberto
could only lay it across his palm.
In other words,
the match was decided
before it even began.
[punch thuds, echoes]
Barring a miracle, the match
would be over with a single punch.
[automatic gunfire]
The curtain closed on that execution
with a hail of bullets
from Gilberto's compatriots,
but his name survived
through this style of gameplay.
Hmm…
-[inmates gasping]
-Guevaru's doing it too!
What's goin' on?
-[strike lands]
-[all gasp]
-[Guevaru grunts]
-[heavy metal music plays]
[strikes landing]
Whoa, they're fighting
and not even holding on to it!
Neither one is backin' down!
-[Guevaru grunts]
-[groans]
[growls]
This is why I can't get enough!
-[inmates gasp]
-Oliva moved!
[chuckles]
[gasps]
-[thuds loudly]
-[Oliva grunts]
[sputters] Whoa!
No way!
[inmate] He's gotta be dead, right?
Nah, he ain't dead.
Look! Guevaru's still
touching the handkerchief.
It's on the back of his hand!
What the…
-[sighs]
-Huh?
Give me a break.
Aristocrats and the mafia…
The only thing that kind of stuff's
good for is showing off.
I mean, come on,
the truth is what these guys
are really doing right now
is just playing a silly little game
with a handkerchief.
[wind whistling]
It's a farce.
And it's ridiculous.
Hey, Baki!
[wind continues whistling]
Wind's picking up.
[suspenseful music playing]
Hey, check them both out.
They're working together
so the handkerchief doesn't fly away!
[inmate] But why would they do that?
[grunts]
[Oliva] Are you seeing this, Maria?
This is a real man's--
[gasps]
[dramatic sting]
Uh, excuse me, young man…
[grunting in anguish]
[Guevaru grunts]
[gasps]
[wind whistling]
-Oh! It flew away!
-[inmates murmuring]
Wha…
Huh?
[groans angrily]
Hey! What the hell are you doing?!
Huh?
Oh, please.
Don't you mean, what is he doing?
-[Oliva gasping in shock]
-[Maria] Well?
But the better question is,
what are you doing?
I mean, a grown man carrying on
like this about a handkerchief?
Playing with it, gripping it,
holding it, pinching it?
-[Oliva whimpering]
-[Maria] You call that dangerous? Manly?
[scoffs] Ridiculous.
It's no wonder
this poor boy's fallen asleep
after watching that nonsense.
[whimpering]
A fight between real men
should be a knock-down brawl.
Seriously, what else is there?
Mwah.
[screams]
-[Guevaru grunts]
-[crunching]
[heavy metal music plays]
-[whooshes]
-[Oliva groans]
Oh, man, what a sound!
That was a full-power hit!
That's the first time in this match.
[Oliva] You are completely right, Maria.
-[Oliva grunts]
-[high-pitched whine]
[Oliva] I was mistaken this whole time.
It's exactly like you said.
A fight between men should be simple.
[squishes]
[high-pitched trill]
[gasps]
[wrist crunching]
[Oliva] What I need to do now
is restore my belief in myself.
-[crunching continues]
-[Guevaru groaning]
[Oliva] I need you…
[gasps]
…to see me in a new light!
The way I really am!
[strike lands]
[whooshing]
[inmates gasping]
[rumbling]
[inmate 1] Whoa! That was nuts!
[inmate 2] He knocked him
right into the wall!
[inmate 3] He finished
the fight in one blow!
[thuds loudly]
[Oliva] Hmm.
So, you can do it if you try.
You're a cunning fox.
No, I'd say you're the cunning fox, kid.
Maria, the bed's so soft,
and you were so warm,
and you smelled wonderful!
Plus, you were
so kind.
[Maria] Ugh.
You got what you wanted.
Get lost.
[Baki] Thank you so much.
-[inmates cheering]
-[inmate 1] Holy crap!
He really is the king!
[inmate 2] Always was, always will be.
That was amazing.
You truly are America's strongest man.
Baki, I have to thank you.
[Baki] Oh?
Maria can be really fussy,
but because of you she's calmed down now.
[hesitantly] Uh, sure.
[inmates chanting] Unchained!
Unchained! Unchained! Unchained!
-[chanting continues]
-These guys sure seem happy.
Even though I could tell
that they really wanted me to lose.
[chanting] Unchained!
Unchained! Unchained!
-[chanting continues]
-[chuckles] Doesn't look like that to me.
-[Oliva] Hmm.
[Guevaru weakly] ♪ Yai-saa-hoh ♪
[all gasping, murmuring]
[both] Huh?
[Gueveru grunts]
[weakly] ♪ On a moonlit night ♪
[inmates gasping in surprise]
[Guevaru weakly] ♪ Yai-saa-hoh ♪
-[both gasping in surprise]
-[Guevaru groaning]
-♪ Raise the anchor, aye ♪
-[inmates gasping]
[Guevaru inhales shakily]
♪ Yai-saa-hoh ♪
[grunts]
♪ On a stormy night ♪
[inhales sharply]
♪ Yai-saa-hoh ♪
[straining] ♪ Raise up the sails ♪
-[inmates gasping in surprise]
-♪ Yai-saa-hoh ♪
[grunts]
♪ With the stars as our guide ♪
♪ Yai-saa-hoh ♪
[rising dramatic sting]
♪ Set a course for treasure ♪
[grunts, exhales]
[slaps]
♪ Yai-saa-hoh ♪
♪ Set the bottles of rum aside ♪
♪ Burn the iron bright ♪
[inmates gasping in surprise]
[wind whistling]
What the…
[disconcerting sting]
[inmates] Whoa!
[dramatic sting]
[inmate 1] Look at his chest.
[inmate 2] The blow he just took…
[inmate 3] It stands out like a tattoo!
♪ Yai-saa-hoh ♪
-[inmates gasping]
-♪ Take all modesty ♪
♪ And throw it to the breeze ♪
♪ Toss away restraint
And do as you please ♪
♪ Don't let yourself settle
For a life of ease ♪
[breathing heavily]
-[Oliva] Hmm. Hmm?
-[Guevaru panting]
[Baki] Now it begins.
-[Oliva groans]
-[Baki] Guevaru's finally getting started!
[Guevaru] ♪ Say it's not enough ♪
♪ Say it, please ♪
[Oliva groans]
[exciting music playing]
[objects clatter]
You didn't come after me when I was down.
Did you get scared or something?
Huh?
[inmates gasping in surprise]
[inmates murmuring]
[wind whistling]
-[inmate 1] It's not done yet!
-[inmate 2] Guevaru's raring to go!
[inmate 3] Number Two wants to fight!
[inmate 4] Guevaru!
[inmates chanting] Guevaru!
Guevaru! Guevaru!
[chanting continues]
[Baki] What do you know about that!
[all gasp]
[grunting]
[grunts]
It seems I underestimated you.
I treated you too kindly.
And I was far too considerate of you.
I thought you were
too small to hit for real.
[wind whistling]
[Baki] Oliva's not bluffing.
He really believes that.
[wind continues whistling]
Oh!
That's just what we need, a little wind.
Hmm.
[chuckles softly]
This is a very good day.
Yeah, you're right.
This is a good day to die!
[dramatic music playing]
[Oliva] Guevaru,
-you have a blind spot.
-[grunts]
[hand slaps]
[Oliva] Ah, how long has it been…
[Guevaru groans]
…since I got to hit someone for real.
[music fades]
[narrator] It happened
all across the entire globe.
[mellow music playing]
Just small incidents here and there.
[man] Huh?
[narrator] In the ocean…
The sea?!
Huh?
…in the mountains…
[man] It says we're driving
through the forest.
What the…
TENDAN DEPARTMENT STORE
…in the cities…
[man] According to this,
we're driving through a building!
…and also…
Huh?
[nervously] Uh, the navigation's off.
I guess something must've happened.
[Ogre chuckles menacingly]
The control that you have over this car
is like your control over this country.
It's nothing but a completely sloppy mess.
[Bush] Uh, sorry.
Well, at least for me,
with you being here,
this is the safest car
in the entire world.
[scoffs]
[music continues]
[whirring]
[scanner trilling]
[beeping]
[high-pitched beeping]
[Ogre] Seems I'm the only one left out.
Hmm!
This is suffocating.
Security in front us, security behind us.
Plainclothes security
stationed every hundred meters.
You're not even allowed
to turn down any side streets or alleys.
It's all so stupid.
This is really
what driving is like for George Bush,
President of the United States,
the so-called land of the free, huh?
I see that, as usual,
you're quite the misanthrope.
Huh?
Uh… Is that it?
[tense music playing]
Hmm.
My name's Chamomile Lessen.
I was recently hired
to be one of your personal bodyguards.
Also… I happen to be a citizen
of the very island
that's currently under discussion.
I'm a follower of J. Guevaru.
[gasps]
[Lessen] So you see,
we're just as powerful
as the United States.
As long as you don't violate our rights,
then I'll be happy
to keep you safe and sound.
[knock at door]
Hmm.
Look, Lessen, we've, uh,
got a bit of a problem.
Are you saying it's a problem for you
or a problem for me?
I think it's a problem for both of us.
[Lessen] Oh, is that right?
Is this some kind of attempt
to test what I told you earlier,
when I said
that I'd be happy to protect you?
Uh, well, Lessen,
the thing right now is that…
[hesitates] …Mr. Hanma here
is saying that he's going to attack me.
So you think you could help me out?
-[Ogre] Bush!
-[gasps]
[gasps]
[Ogre] You bastard.
At the end of your presidential term,
you're allowed to make one final request.
And this has gotta be what that is.
Am I right?
Uh… Uh… Uh…
[gasps, grunts]
-[dramatic music plays]
-If so, this is no game, you got that?
[Bush] Uh…
-[Lessen] Mr. Bush…
-[gasps]
…your bringing him here
is essentially suicide.
I said I'd keep you safe,
but protecting someone
whose intent is to commit suicide
is outside the scope of my duties.
What I mean is,
it's impossible for me to protect you
if he decides to attack.
He's more than capable
of countering any move I make.
He's that strong.
There's nothing I can do.
-Forgive me.
-[whimpers]
[knuckles pop]
-[Lessen grunts]
-[groans]
[Lessen] This…
[bodyguards gasp]
[Lessen] This is the only way to save you.
[grunts]
[gasps]
[mysterious sting]
Nicely done, kid. But still…
[growls]
Don't know what you expected,
there's nothin' you can do
to protect Bush from me.
But you made the right call.
It only proves you've had good training.
[gasps]
[Ogre] I have no interest in you.
But I really wouldn't mind
a piece of your master.
[clattering]
[Guevaru] Yai, saa, hoh.
[wind whistling]
Time to set sail.
[closing theme music plays]
Subtitle translation by: